Changes in 0.5-3

    o new argument, empty, on strapply

Changes in 0.5-2

    o bug fixes

Changes in 0.5-1

    o fixes to pass R CMD CHECK

    o package no longer depends on tcltk but it is still suggested.  If R 
      installation does not have tcltk capability then strapply falls back 
      to R engine.

Changes in 0.5-0

    o faster strapply based on tcl interface.  engine argument can choose
	  between it and older version of strapply.

Changes in 0.3-9

	o removed some dead code.  Thanks to Wacek Kusnierczyk.

Changes in 0.3-8

	o minor improvements in gsubfn-package.Rd

	o fixed bug in match.funfn

	o heuristic to detect the number of back references (used when backref
      is not specified) now uses -k where k is the number of non-escaped
      left parens (whereas previously it used -k where k was the number of 
      left parens whether escaped or not).

Changes in 0.3-7

	o R CMD CHECK fixes

	o if replacement object is a list and match not found in that list then
	  no replacement is done

Changes in 0.3-6

    o bug fixes: fn$force("$x") failed if variable name was x as shown here

	o bug fixes: f <- function() { aaa <- "X"; fn$cat("abc$aaa def\n") }; f()
	  failed.

	o internals: eval.with.vis() replaced in $.fn.  Now using withVisible().
      This change requires R 2.5 or later.

	o the replacement object in gsubfn can be a list as well

	o the replacement object in strapply can be a character string or list
      as well

    o if backref= is omitted on gsubfn or strapply it passes the backreferences
      if any (but not the entire match) or if there are no back references
      it passes the entire match.  Thus the default has changed in the case
      that (1) there are one or more backreferences in the regular expression 
      and (2) backref was not specified.  This should eliminate the need to 
      specify backref in most circumstances.  Note that if there are no 
      backreferences in your regular expression or if backref= had been
      specified there is no change thus in most cases there will be no change.

Changes in 0.3-5

	o fixed bug in demo index

	o eliminated dependence on methods package (previously only
	  dependence was use of 'is')

Changes in 0.3-4

	o fixed typo

Changes in 0.3-3

	o changed quantreg example to reflect change in engel data set

Changes in 0.3-2

	o revised gsubfn-packages.Rd

	o fn$ now performs quasi-perl style interpolation 

	o cati, cati0 removed since fn$cat and fn$cat0 can be used.

	o rules for which formulas are translated and which character 
	  strings are interpolated have been changed and simplified:
	  1. formulas specified with ~~ (double ~) are translated to functions
	  2. character strings beginning with \1 are translated to functions
	  3. if the above rules result in no translation/interpolation
	     then all formulas are translated if there are any formulas
 	     or, if not, then all character strings are interpolated
          In most cases rule #3 is used.

	o fn$f now returns invisibly if f does (thanks to Duncan Murdoch
	  for eval.with.vis)

Changes in 0.3-1

	o fixed initialization bug in strapply

	o added proto examples to ?gsubfn and ?strapply

Changes in 0.3-0

	o gsubfn and strapply now can take proto arguments in addition
	  to character strings, functions and formulas

	o vignette added

	o home page abbreviated since most info already in vignette


Changes in 0.2-3

	o increased string lengths accepted by gsubfn by eliminating
	  use of the R parse() command. [Thanks to Stefan Th. Gries
 	  for reporting problem.]

	o fixed bug in one of the examples in example(gsubfn)

	o strapply fixes

Changes in 0.2-2

	o added combine= argument to strapply

	o fixed bug associated with using double quotes in gsub (which
	  also could affect strapply and cati).  [Thanks to Stefan Th.
	  Gries for reporting problem.]

Changes in 0.2-1 

	o added "note difference" example in strapply

	o letters, LETTERS and pi excluded from args so 
	  x ~ sin(x*pi/180) can be shortened to ~ sin(x*pi/180)
	  and 
 	  x ~ LETTERS[x] can be reduced to ~ LETTERS[x]
  	  (previously it would have added pi and LETTERS to arg
	  lists in these two examples)

	o improved as.function.formula.Rd

	o fixes to eliminate R CMD CHECK warnings under R 2.5.0
 
	o bug fix in $.fn.  If args and match.call order was different
	  it could fail previously.

	o new demos: gsubfn-gries.R, gsubfn-chron.R, gsubfn-si.R

	o THANKS file

Changes in 0.2-0 

	o match.funfn

	o as.function.formula improvements

	o $.fn

	o added numerous examples of $.fn to home page

Changes in 0.1-5

	o reference to cat0 missing from gsubfn-package.Rd

	o added digit separation example to strapply.Rd

	o added config file example to strapply.Rd

	o in strapply simplify= can be a function

	o replacement= in gsubfn and strapply can be a formula

	o new internal function as.function.formula

	o new home page and svn repository (URL in DESCRIPTION file)

Changes in 0.1-4

	o added cati, cati0, cat0 and paste0

	o added USE.NAMES argument to gsubfn

	o added gsubfn-cut demo

	o added repx example to gsubfn.Rd

	o added SI scale example to gsubfn.Rd

	o perl=, etc. args were not being passed to gsub

	o added moving window example to strapply.Rd

Changes in 0.1-3

	o enhanced gsubfn backref= argument

	o fixed bug in strapply

Changes in 0.1-2

	o cati added

	o updated DESCRIPTION and gsubfn-package.Rd

Changes in 0.1-1 

	o strapply added

	o gsubfn-package.Rd added

Changes in 0.1-0

	o initial release


